Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's Clint Walker.
And here we are, just where you might expect to find Cheyenne Bodie, out on the range.
He's Brandon Cattle.
Hi, Smokey.
If you're worrying about this Brandon fire of mine, forget it.
I'm always careful with fire when I'm working or traveling on the range.
Grass is too valuable.
This food for livestock is covered for the soil and a protector of water supplies to be burned up foolishly.
And often, it isn't grass alone that burns when fire runs wild.
Buildings, animals, even human life can be destroyed.
That's why everyone should be careful with fire outdoors.
With their matches, smokes, any fire.
You see, I'm on your side, Smokey.
Makes me real proud, Mr. Walker.
And now my friends here, the sons of the pioneers, are going to do a favorite of yours.
Tumble and tumbleweed.
Fledging their love to the ground Lonely but free I'll become Drifting along with the tumbling, tumbling I'm a lonely cowboy Riding
Tumble weeds around me sing their lonely song.
Nights underneath the prairie moon, I ride alone and sing a tune.
See them tumbling down Pledging their love to the crowd Lonely but free I'll be found Drifting along with the tumbling, tumbling
of the past are behind Nowhere to go but I'll find Just where the trail will whine Drifting along with the tumbling, tumbleweeds I know when night has gone
That a new world born at dawn I'll keep rolling along Deep in my heart is a song Here on the range I belong
drifting along with the tumbling, tumbling.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and range fires.
Smokey the Bears, Smokey the Bears,
Crowlin' and a-growlin' and a-slip in the air He can find the fire before it starts to flame That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name
The End